first we broke the story last night a
dog shot and killed in his own backyard
by a police officer searching for a
missing little boy
yeah well that boy was found safe but
the news that a family pet lost its life
sparked some heated comments online and
tonight the police department appears to
be listening here
Devin Dolan has the latest turn in this
story tonight Devin it appears that the
response from the community has also
been one of how can we help out
it certainly has Mike and people they
want to help out just look at these
puppies here I had a breeder contact me
last night just after my story aired and
he said he wants to donate one of these
little guys DeSean Kendall this right
here he's the runt of the litter and he
doesn't have a name just yet
but he and his five brothers and his two
sisters they're only two weeks old
between the yelping and crawling for
attention
this little guy fights to stay awake but
it's not allowed in this family to get
any shut-eye
you have to huddle together they are
very protective but on the other hand
they're very loving this is the first
litter of Weimaraners for Trent Devon
ish this is the mom the exact same breed
of Shaun Kendall's dog Geist know if
Shaun's ready I'm more than happy to let
him choose the puppies in the litter
well I've got two Weimaraners of my own
and they're like family and you know I
can't imagine losing and other dog
owners feel the same a Facebook page
called justice for Geist was created
within 15 minutes hundreds of people
have liked the page it's probably the
most important training that we undergo
as recruits Salt Lake Police Detective
Dennis McGowan says officers are trained
to use minimum force and that includes
encounters with dogs but the shooting
and killing of Geist is pushing the
department to consider changing their
policies they're working with the Humane
Society of the United States any any
animal training additional training you
know is going to be helpful
Jamie Autry with the Humane Society of
Utah says using lethal force should be
the last resort
they're first going to try their pepper
spray or mace or a Taser if the dog is
truly
coming up to attack them barking at an
intruder Devenish says he can see but
attacking these little ones he says
don't have it in them they're the best
companion you can ever ask for
in Salt Lake City PD has contacted Sean
I'm told they're gonna meet with him
next week they're still investigating
this incident now as for Sean he has a
few options he can adopt one of these
little guys and also the Humane Society
of Utah has offered a shelter pup for
ksl 5 News I'm Devin Dolan Thank You
Devin Moore